we're here at the gigabyte booth at
computex 2014
Let's show you two new ones.
cooling systems that the company
is launching here at the event
we have my right here or until
force and there on the left we have the i
forum here liquid refrigeration and other
revelation area
another force is a customized design of the
gigabyte for liquid cooling
of three plates simultaneously
so the cabinet is not part of the
package what is the force actor is this
great radiator here with several fans and
you see who has the pipes bringing
liquid to jump into the cabinet.
has fit that format
default cd drives and all of it here
go here inside
to cool three working plates
simultaneously we have here three gtx
480 ti operating together and
gigabyte kuryaki liquidity system
Can you control it here in the panel?
front
individually the operation of each
so I can make changes here
operating temperature
I will stay here and I can do even
individually then you can change
in order to change the speed
of the fans to the flow of the
here by the system to accelerate the
to slow down
so it's a solution for enthusiast
same
The cool thing is that by being rich in sometimes
It happens that you have many
video in hand although it should stay
practically touching the
that this solution here of the gigabyte
managed to give even an uncertain space
between the boards receive these 3 781
relatively comfortable here is
Of course we are talking about a
totally geared towards
enthusiasts and high cost
one is sold separate like the cure
you get the three 780 boards you have
gigabyte and the system as everything together
and how to serve here in box for is
simple you can put the radiator
up here for this whole area and the e
fits that should work very
cabinet
so it's a solution that you can
use on multiple computers but you
You need to buy it all together and it's obvious
that she will come out face then radiator
but these 3 781 then as priceless
still defined but there is the expectation that
able below 3 thousand dollars
can be very well 2999 2909 dollars more
it's a solution that's still over today
plus the prototype level is not sure if
will reach the market promises few
parts will arrive but this is a job of the
gigabyte to launch a product
differentiated like the cure for three
cards at the same time leaving the
liquid cooling for cooling
air
we have a strong group it's a project
differentiated from the gigabyte to the
video in this case here we have apt
she turns and promises to go from
600 banks a board of or be a board
high performance
for the moment this system is only
to the team but who knows in the future we have
other high performance cards such as
this project is differentiated with this
technology that the gigabyte promexico
other heat dissipation will
increase by up to 45% and the temperature can
be reduced by 35% on the
reference
remembering that the country already has a project
of differentiated nvidia then we are
talking about an evolution about something that
already works very well
the cost of what I heard here speak of
executives is about the afternoon in the original
is costing $ 950
the one that should arrive for thousand and 99
dollars to the market